---
id: nov_2020_2_4_2
title: Nov 2020 (version 2.4.2)
sidebar_label: Nov 2020 (2.4.2)
slug: /changelog
---

Welcome to the last release of DataHub of 2020.

_DataHub 2.4_ builds on top of the previous version by further polishing the user experience and doubling down on features for data quality.

### Main Features

-   **Smart Columns!** Convert image_signatures to images, numbers formatted, dollars, and more with a single click!
-   **Sidebar 2.0!** A new much more powerful sidebar with lists, recent, and favorites all in a single view, with drag and drop support.
-   **Table Tags!** You can now easily add tags to tables and retrieve all tables with a certain tag through search.
-   **GDoc Style Access Requests!** You can now request and grant access to a given DataDoc directly in the UI.
-   **Table Stats!** Add customized table stats such as daily query run to enrich your table's metadata.
-   **Column Search!** Now you can narrow down your search to only columns, descriptions, or table names.
-   **Sample Queries!** Quickly see sample queries of a given table to kickstart your analysis.
-   **Table Warnings!** Found a given table has wrong data? Easily add table warnings and errors that will then show up in the query editor.
-   **Frequent query users!** See at a glance the top users of a given table, reach out to them for questions and doubts.
-   **Table Ownership Editing!** With a single click you can add yourself as the owner of a table.

### Opensource Friendly Features

-   Revamped the documentation site
-   Added Snowflake integration
-   Home page view can now be customized via the web plugin
-   Table search/autosuggest ranking can now be altered by boost score

DataHub Team<br/>
🚀
